docs: :memo: update the flow docs to match latest changes (#1452)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/design/interface/flows.qmd

Edge.
:::

## Creating scripts from templates

> There are two functions you can use to help with creating many of the
> "boilerplate" code that implement some of the flows below. They are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two functions you can use to help with creating much of the
"boilerplate" code that implements some of the flows below. They are
```

`create_properties_script()` and `create_resource_properties_script()`,

> and they are used to create a Python script that contains the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and they are used to create Python scripts that contain the
```

> `PackageProperties` or `ResourceProperties` for a data package or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PackageProperties` or `ResourceProperties` for a data package or
```

> resource, respectively. Many of the below flows are used inside these
> scripts and integrated together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource, respectively. These scripts use and combine many of the
flows below.
```
If that's what this means? Or could just lose this sentence because it's similar to the first one in the paragraph
